Now I have the full picture. The column is contract in the stablecoins table but the expander queries contract_address. Let me verify:​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​

Got it. Here’s the full picture — the column might actually be contract_address in prod if it was altered, or it might be silently failing. Either way, the core problem is the pagination. Here’s the prompt:

Fix the wallet expander so it actually discovers new wallets instead of re-scanning the same top 500 holders every day.

Current problem: app/indexer/expander.py always fetches pages 1-5 of the Etherscan top holder list for each stablecoin. Those are the same ~500 wallets that were already seeded in the initial batch on March 23-26. The ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING skips them all, so the expander runs daily, burns API calls, and finds zero new wallets every time.

The fix has two parts:

1. Track the last page fetched per stablecoin so the expander progresses deeper into the holder list each day.

Add a column to the stablecoins table (or use a lightweight tracking table) to persist the last expansion page fetched per contract:

    ALTER TABLE stablecoins ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS expansion_last_page INTEGER DEFAULT 0;

Then change run_wallet_expansion() so that instead of always starting at page 1:

    - Read the current expansion_last_page for each stablecoin
    - Start fetching from expansion_last_page + 1
    - After each successful run, UPDATE the stablecoin's expansion_last_page to the last page fetched
    - Keep the 5-pages-per-coin-per-run limit — this means each daily run goes 5 pages deeper
    - If a page returns empty results, that stablecoin has been fully exhausted — set a flag or a very high page number so we skip it in future runs until a configurable reset interval (e.g. 30 days)

2. Also check the _get_coverage_gaps() query — it references s.contract_address but the stablecoins table schema from migration 001 has the column named contract, not contract_address. Verify which column name exists in the production database. If the column is actually contract, fix the query. If it was renamed via an ALTER at some point, leave it.

The result should be: each daily run picks up where yesterday left off, going deeper into the holder list. Day 1: pages 1-5 (already done). Day 2: pages 6-10. Day 3: pages 11-15. And so on until the holder list is exhausted. At 100 holders per page and 5 pages per coin per day across ~10 stablecoins with contracts, that's 500 new wallet candidates per coin per day, 5000 total per day. 44K becomes 100K in about 12 days.

Important: Check the column name issue first before making changes. Show me the migration SQL and the modified expander code before applying.
